_pages/home.md, before:

---
title: "Welcome to PhysioZoo"
layout: splash
permalink: /

header:
  overlay_color: "#f33"
  overlay_filter: "0.5"
  overlay_image: ""
  cta_label: "Download"
  cta_url: "https://github.com/physiozoo/physiozoo/archive/master.zip"
  caption: ""

excerpt: "Heart Rate Variability analysis of Human and animal electrophysiological data"

intro: 
  - excerpt: 'PhysioZoo is a collaborative platform dedicated to the study of the heart rate variability (HRV) in mammals’ electrophysiological recordings.'

news: 
  - excerpt: News! 2018.09.01 Release of the ``v1.0.0-Beta`` version of PhysioZoo.

feature_row:
  - image_path: "assets/images/home_page_interface.png"
    alt: "placeholder image 1"
    title: "PhysioZoo user interface"
    excerpt: 'A user friendly interface to perform Heart Rate Variability analysis.'
    url: "https://docs.physiozoo.com/en/latest/sections/tutorials/pz_installation.html"
    btn_label: "Install"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    
feature_row2:
  - image_path: "assets/images/peak_detection.png"
    alt: "placeholder image 1"
    title: "Peak detection"
    excerpt: 'PhysioZoo provides algorithms and a user interface for R-peak detection of mammalian ECG data. In addition, it provides manual annotations tools (peak and data quality) to ensure the reliability of the analyzed data.'
    url: "https://docs.physiozoo.com/en/latest/sections/tutorials/tutorial1.html"
    btn_label: "Read More"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"

feature_row3:
  - image_path: "assets/images/Figure_S3.png"
    alt: "placeholder image 1"
    title: "Prefiltering"
    excerpt: 'PhysioZoo includes a number of prefiltering methods in order to remove sudden drop or increase in the beat to beat intervals due to transcient noise or ectopic beats.'
    url: "https://docs.physiozoo.com/en/latest/sections/tutorials/tutorial3.html"
    btn_label: "Read More"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"

feature_row4:
  - image_path: "assets/images/Dog_example_qrs_Poincare.png"
    alt: "placeholder image 1"
    title: "HRV measures and data visualization"
    excerpt: 'PhysioZoo includes state of the art HRV measures tailored to the type of mammal that is studied and data visualization features including Poincare plots, power spectrum, distribution of NN intervals and multi scale entropy plot.'
    url: "https://docs.physiozoo.com/en/latest/sections/tutorials/tutorial4.html"
    btn_label: "Read More"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    

---

{% include feature_row id="intro" type="center" %}

{% include feature_row id="news" type="center" %}

{% include feature_row id="feature_row" type="center" %}

{% include feature_row id="feature_row2" type="left" %}

{% include feature_row id="feature_row3" type="right" %}

{% include feature_row id="feature_row4" type="center" %}

Commit message:

Installer and source download buttons

_pages/home.md, after:

---
title: "Welcome to PhysioZoo"
layout: splash
permalink: /

header:
  overlay_color: "#f33"
  overlay_filter: "0.5"
  overlay_image: ""
  caption: ""
  # cta_label: ""
  # cta_url: ""
  actions:
    - label: "Download Installer"
      icon: cogs
      url: "https://github.com/physiozoo/physiozoo/archive/master.zip"
    - label: "Download Source"
      icon: laptop-code
      url: "https://github.com/physiozoo/physiozoo/"

excerpt: "Heart Rate Variability analysis of Human and animal electrophysiological data"

intro: 
  - excerpt: 'PhysioZoo is a collaborative platform dedicated to the study of
        the heart rate variability (HRV) in mammals’ electrophysiological
        recordings.'

news: 
  - excerpt: News! 2018.09.01 Release of the ``v1.0.0-Beta`` version of PhysioZoo.

feature_row:
  - image_path: "assets/images/home_page_interface.png"
    alt: "placeholder image 1"
    title: "PhysioZoo user interface"
    excerpt: 'A user friendly interface to perform Heart Rate Variability analysis.'
    url: "https://docs.physiozoo.com/en/latest/sections/tutorials/pz_installation.html"
    btn_label: "Install"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    
feature_row2:
  - image_path: "assets/images/peak_detection.png"
    alt: "placeholder image 1"
    title: "Peak detection"
    excerpt: 'PhysioZoo provides algorithms and a user interface for R-peak detection of mammalian ECG data. In addition, it provides manual annotations tools (peak and data quality) to ensure the reliability of the analyzed data.'
    url: "https://docs.physiozoo.com/en/latest/sections/tutorials/tutorial1.html"
    btn_label: "Read More"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"

feature_row3:
  - image_path: "assets/images/Figure_S3.png"
    alt: "placeholder image 1"
    title: "Prefiltering"
    excerpt: 'PhysioZoo includes a number of prefiltering methods in order to remove sudden drop or increase in the beat to beat intervals due to transcient noise or ectopic beats.'
    url: "https://docs.physiozoo.com/en/latest/sections/tutorials/tutorial3.html"
    btn_label: "Read More"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"

feature_row4:
  - image_path: "assets/images/Dog_example_qrs_Poincare.png"
    alt: "placeholder image 1"
    title: "HRV measures and data visualization"
    excerpt: 'PhysioZoo includes state of the art HRV measures tailored to the type of mammal that is studied and data visualization features including Poincare plots, power spectrum, distribution of NN intervals and multi scale entropy plot.'
    url: "https://docs.physiozoo.com/en/latest/sections/tutorials/tutorial4.html"
    btn_label: "Read More"
    btn_class: "btn--primary"
    

---

{% include feature_row id="intro" type="center" %}

{% include feature_row id="news" type="center" %}

{% include feature_row id="feature_row" type="center" %}

{% include feature_row id="feature_row2" type="left" %}

{% include feature_row id="feature_row3" type="right" %}

{% include feature_row id="feature_row4" type="center" %}
