_pages/project.md, before:

---
layout: single
title: PhysioZoo project
permalink: /project/
author_profile: false
---

## Referencing

When using **PhysioZoo** please reference the following paper:

Joachim A. Behar<sup>&#8224;</sup>, Aviv A. Rosenberg<sup>&#8224;</sup>, Ido
Weiser-Bitoun, Ori Shemla, Alexandra Alexandrovich, Evgene Konyukhov, Yael
Yaniv. 2018.  "PhysioZoo: a novel open access platform for heart rate
variability analysis of mammalian electrocardiographic data." Accepted for
publication in Frontiers in Physiology.

<sup>&#8224;</sup>Co-first authors.

## Support
Click [here](https://github.com/physiozoo/physiozoo/issues) to browse
through the issues and open new ones.

Contact us at: physiozoolab@gmail.com

## How to contribute?

The **PhysioZoo** project is dynamic and so novel contributions are welcomed.
You can contribute by:

  * **Fork it** fork the repository on the  project's main page

  * **Create a pull request** contribute algorithms and improvements to the
    **PhysioZoo** toolbox

  * **Eeww bugs!** In case you in encounter a bug and cannot figure out the
    solution, please have a look on the opened issues before creating a new bug
    issue. Issues can be consulted and posted
    [here](https://github.com/physiozoo/physiozoo/issues).

  * **Pitch in your new ideas** for future releases by suggesting an
    enhancement.

## Benefits of Contributing

Collaborative research has various benefits, here are some of those:

* enable other researchers to contribute, debug and build on your work
+ advertise your research, published algorithms are linked in the documentation
+ ensure reproducibility of your results

## Contributors
The following individuals have contributed to the PhysioZoo project:

- Joachim A. Behar
- Aviv A. Rosenberg
- Ido Weiser-Bitoun
- Ori Shemla
- Alexandra Alexandrovitch
- Eugene Konyukhov
- Moran Davoodi
- Yael Yaniv

## License

Released under the GNU General Public License

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
 
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.


If you are a company and want to use PhysioZoo then please email us at: physiozoolab@gmail.com

## Disclaimer

For building **PhysioZoo** we made use of the following packages:

- WFDB Toolbox for MATLAB and Octave, v.0.10.0, by Dr. Ikaro Silva, available
  here (licensed under GNU GPL 2.0)

- GUI Layout Toolbox. Layout manager for MATLAB graphical user interfaces.
  Version 2.3.1. Copyright (c) 2018, The MathWorks, Inc. All rights reserved.
  [License](https://github.com/physiozoo/physiozoo.github.io/blob/master/_pages/license-GUI-Layout.txt)

- YAML Toolbox: yaml-matlab-0.4.3.
  [MIT-license](https://github.com/physiozoo/physiozoo.github.io/blob/master/_pages/MIT-license-YML-Toolbox.txt)

Commit message:

Project page: Update third-party attribution section

_pages/project.md, after:

---
layout: single
title: PhysioZoo project
permalink: /project/
author_profile: false
---

## Referencing

When using **PhysioZoo** please reference the following paper:

Joachim A. Behar<sup>&#8224;</sup>, Aviv A. Rosenberg<sup>&#8224;</sup>, Ido
Weiser-Bitoun, Ori Shemla, Alexandra Alexandrovich, Evgene Konyukhov, Yael
Yaniv. 2018.  "PhysioZoo: a novel open access platform for heart rate
variability analysis of mammalian electrocardiographic data." Accepted for
publication in Frontiers in Physiology.

<sup>&#8224;</sup>Co-first authors.

## Support
Click [here](https://github.com/physiozoo/physiozoo/issues) to browse
through the issues and open new ones.

Contact us at: physiozoolab@gmail.com

## How to contribute?

The **PhysioZoo** project is dynamic and so novel contributions are welcomed.
You can contribute by:

  * **Fork it** fork the repository on the  project's main page

  * **Create a pull request** contribute algorithms and improvements to the
    **PhysioZoo** toolbox

  * **Eeww bugs!** In case you in encounter a bug and cannot figure out the
    solution, please have a look on the opened issues before creating a new bug
    issue. Issues can be consulted and posted
    [here](https://github.com/physiozoo/physiozoo/issues).

  * **Pitch in your new ideas** for future releases by suggesting an
    enhancement.

## Benefits of Contributing

Collaborative research has various benefits, here are some of those:

* enable other researchers to contribute, debug and build on your work
+ advertise your research, published algorithms are linked in the documentation
+ ensure reproducibility of your results

## Contributors
The following individuals have contributed to the PhysioZoo project:

- Joachim A. Behar
- Aviv A. Rosenberg
- Ido Weiser-Bitoun
- Ori Shemla
- Alexandra Alexandrovitch
- Eugene Konyukhov
- Moran Davoodi
- Yael Yaniv

## License

Released under the GNU General Public License

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify
it under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by
the Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or
(at your option) any later version.
 
This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful,
but WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  See the
GNU General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License
along with this program.  If not, see <http://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.


If you are a company and want to use PhysioZoo then please email us at: physiozoolab@gmail.com

## Third-party attribution

**PhysioZoo** makes use of the following open-source software packages:

- [WFDB Toolbox for MATLAB](https://github.com/ikarosilva/wfdb-app-toolbox)

- [GUI Layout
  Toolbox](https://www.mathworks.com/matlabcentral/fileexchange/47982-gui-layout-toolbox)

- [yamlmatlab](https://code.google.com/archive/p/yamlmatlab/)

- [GetFullPath](https://www.mathworks.com/matlabcentral/fileexchange/28249-getfullpath)

- [matlab-jsystem](https://github.com/avivrosenberg/matlab-jsystem)

Consult the project page of each above package for it's respective license and
copyright holder.
